# You can edit this file by hand, but it's recommended not to do that.

# Marks:
'c
	/Users/gracjan/.config
	..
1604408915
'h
	/Users/gracjan/
	..
1604408871

# Bookmarks:

# Trash content:
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_at.obdev.littlesnitch.agent.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/at.obdev.littlesnitch.agent.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_at.obdev.littlesnitch.networkmonitor.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/at.obdev.littlesnitch.networkmonitor.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_at.obdev.littlesnitch.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/at.obdev.littlesnitch.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_at.obdev.littlesnitch.softwareupdate.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/at.obdev.littlesnitch.softwareupdate.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.kanecheshire.macID-macOS.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/com.kanecheshire.macID-macOS.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.oracle.java.15.java.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/com.oracle.java.15.java.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.qtproject.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/com.qtproject.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_espanso.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/espanso.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_group.com.kanecheshire.macid.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/group.com.kanecheshire.macid.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_org.chromium.Chromium.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/org.chromium.Chromium.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_org.idrix.VeraCrypt.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/org.idrix.VeraCrypt.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_org.jitsi.jitsi-meet.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/org.jitsi.jitsi-meet.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_org.keepassxc.keepassxc.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/org.keepassxc.keepassxc.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_org.mozilla.nightly.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/org.mozilla.nightly.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_org.torproject.torbrowser.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/org.torproject.torbrowser.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_espanso
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/espanso
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_qutebrowser
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Preferences/qutebrowser
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.federicoterzi.espanso.plist
	/Users/gracjan/Library/LaunchAgents/com.federicoterzi.espanso.plist
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.federicoterzi.EspansoNotifyHelper
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.federicoterzi.EspansoNotifyHelper
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.action-extension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.action-extension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.quick-look-extension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.quick-look-extension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.share-extension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.share-extension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.today-widget
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.today-widget
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockAdsExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockAdsExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockAdultExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockAdultExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockAnnoyancesExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockAnnoyancesExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockCommentsExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockCommentsExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockCustomExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockCustomExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockInternationalExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockInternationalExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockSocialExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockSocialExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockTrackersExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.MacBlockTrackersExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.khanov.BlockerMac.SafariExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.khanov.BlockerMac.SafariExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.DetailedWidget
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.DetailedWidget
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.NotificationService
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.NotificationService
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.ParcelMacShare
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.ParcelMacShare
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.ParcelMacToday
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.ParcelMacToday
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.QuickLook
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.mr-brightside.ParcelOSX.QuickLook
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.panic.Nova.NovaQuickLookPreview
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.panic.Nova.NovaQuickLookPreview
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.panic.Nova.NovaQuickLookThumbnail
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.panic.Nova.NovaQuickLookThumbnail
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.reederapp.macOS
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.reederapp.macOS
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.reederapp.macOS.ReadLater
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.reederapp.macOS.ReadLater
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.reederapp.macOS.SafariReadLater
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.reederapp.macOS.SafariReadLater
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.reederapp.macOS.SafariSubscribe
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.reederapp.macOS.SafariSubscribe
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.setapp.DesktopClient.SetappAgent.FinderSyncExt
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.setapp.DesktopClient.SetappAgent.FinderSyncExt
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.shazam.mac.Shazam
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.shazam.mac.Shazam
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.shazam.mac.ShazamHelper
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.shazam.mac.ShazamHelper
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.soulmen.ulysses-setapp
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.soulmen.ulysses-setapp
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.soulmen.ulysses-setapp.shareextension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.soulmen.ulysses-setapp.shareextension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.tapbots.Tweetbot3Mac
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.tapbots.Tweetbot3Mac
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.tapbots.Tweetbot3Mac.SharingExtension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.tapbots.Tweetbot3Mac.SharingExtension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.thomasricouard.curiosity
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.thomasricouard.curiosity
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.unsplash.Wallpapers
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.unsplash.Wallpapers
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.unsplash.WallpapersLauncher
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.unsplash.WallpapersLauncher
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_developer.apple.wwdc-Release
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/developer.apple.wwdc-Release
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_io.simplelogin.macapp.safari-extension
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/io.simplelogin.macapp.safari-extension
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_maccatalyst.net.voidstern.fiery-feeds
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/maccatalyst.net.voidstern.fiery-feeds
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_maccatalyst.net.voidstern.fiery-feeds.read-later-share
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/maccatalyst.net.voidstern.fiery-feeds.read-later-share
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_maccatalyst.net.voidstern.fiery-feeds.subscribe-share
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/maccatalyst.net.voidstern.fiery-feeds.subscribe-share
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_org.sparkle-project.Downloader
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/org.sparkle-project.Downloader
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.bitwarden.desktop
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.bitwarden.desktop
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.bitwarden.desktop.safari
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/com.bitwarden.desktop.safari
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_85C27NK92C.com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.helper
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Scripts/85C27NK92C.com.flexibits.fantastical2.mac.helper
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_Mozilla
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Support/Mozilla
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_Unlox
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Support/Unlox
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_VeraCrypt
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Support/VeraCrypt
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.github.domt4.homebrew-autoupdate
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Support/com.github.domt4.homebrew-autoupdate
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_com.kanecheshire.macID-macOS
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Support/com.kanecheshire.macID-macOS
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/001_espanso
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Support/espanso
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/001_qutebrowser
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Application Support/qutebrowser
t/Users/gracjan/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_org.idrix.VeraCrypt.savedState
	/Users/gracjan/Library/Saved Application State/org.idrix.VeraCrypt.savedState
